Do you hear the lamenting sounds coming from the river? That is the Wind in the Willows. On cool days like today, especially in autumn, you can often hear him. Since you are not from around here I assume you do not know his story. It is a sad story about jealousy and death. The Wind in the Willows grieves for his lost love. He is a son of Shilendan, the lord of this country. Once he bore another name, but now nobody knows it any more. When the world was still young he fell in love with Antaria, the daughter of the Star Queen. She returned his love and so he asked for her hand in marriage. The wedding was to take place in his fathers country. The Star Queen trusted the Cloud Giants, who until that time had been faithful servants of the Sky Kingdom, with leading her daughter down to the earth. But Alnilam, a wizard who had come to great power and a good reputation, also desired Antaria. He had always been a good and sensible man. Of his deeds many stories tell. But with his power his pride had also grown, and so he became angry about Antaria's rejection and coveted Shilendan's son's happiness. He ensnared the Cloud Giants with his charms and his magic and got them to support him in a devilish plan.

On the big day the unsuspecting Star Queen gave her daughter into the care of a delegation of the Cloud Giants. A whole train of maids and friends accompanied Antaria. The colourful group crossed half the Sky Kingdom and everywhere they caused much excitement and great joy. But at last they reached the Mist Bridge and on it they descended down to the earth. When they reached the lonely Hawk's Pass where the bridge touches the earth, with a flash of light and a cloud of smoke Alnilam appeared. He demanded that Antaria cancel the wedding and come with him instead. She politely explained once more that her love was only for Shilendan's son, though she regretted having to reject Alnilam because of this. Alnilam ordered the Cloud Giants to seize her and take her to his fortress. Antaria's horrified companions were powerless. All they could do was return to the sky and report the incident.

After they had arrived at his fortress Alnilam besieged Antaria and tried to get her to marry him instead of her fiancé, first with promises, then with pleading, and at last with threats. But Antaria braved everything, hoping her fiancé would rescue her, and told Alnilam again and again that she would marry only Shilendan's son.

Soon the latter also learned about the abduction. He was beside himself and at once gathered half a dozen companions around him who should help him free Antaria. Alnilam's fortress was protected by numerous traps, spells and creatures, and many stories tell how Antaria's fiancé and his companions overcame one after the other. When they finally entered the fortress Shilendan's son felt a stab at his heart and a premonition that something terrible had happened settled on him. Deaf for all warnings he left his companions behind and stormed through the fortress in search of his beloved Antaria. Finally he entered the great hall, and there she lay on the floor - dead. Beside her Alnilam knelt and stared at her with an empty look on his face. He did not look up when her fiancé entered, and neither did he react when the latter drew his sword with a horrible scream, stormed toward him and killed him with a single stroke.

Shilendan's son never recovered from this event. He returned to his home, but he did not live at his father's court any more but wandered around restlessly and cried and lamented his grief for his beloved and his fury at the man who had destroyed the two people's happiness out of jealousy. This is what you hear since then on cold days, especially in autumn, coming from the river.
